Welcome back.
You have previously learned
about N-gram language models.
And specifically, he used it to compute
the probability of a sequence of words.
Now in this video, you're going to
identify the limitations of that model,
and you'll see that it requires
a lot of space and a lot of memory.
So with that said, let's dive in.
Suppose you have to translate
the sentence, j'ai vu le match de foot,
from French to English.
If you had several similar sentence
candidates like, I saw the game of soccer.
I saw the soccer game.
I saw the soccer match, and
saw I the game of soccer.
For an accurate translation, you could
compute the probabilities of each sentence
using a language model like the N-gram,
and
end up selecting the sequence of
words with the highest probability.
In this case, that would be,
I saw the soccer game.
You may have encountered the N-gram
model before, but let's go ahead and
review it quickly.
Recall that in order to build
an N-gram language model,
you have to compute
conditional probabilities.
For bigrams,
you have to compute conditional
probabilities using one previous word.
For trigrams, you could compute
it using two previous words.
So for an N-gram model,
you use conditional probabilities
using n minus one words.
At the end, you'll get the probability
of a whole sentence by multiplying
the probabilities of each word in
the sentence using its previous and
minus one words.
So in the case of a bigram, to get
the probability of a three-word sentence,
you would multiply
the probability of the first word
by the probability of the second word.
Given the first word, and
then by the probability of the third word,
given the second one.
These models have many limitations.
One of them is that in order to
capture dependencies between words
far away from each other,
your model would have to account for
conditional probabilities in
very long sequences of words.
This could be difficult to estimate
without correspondingly large corpora.
Even in the case of large corpora your
model would need a lots of space and
RAM to store the probabilities of
all the possible combinations.
You can see how quickly this
approach becomes impractical.
Up next, I'll introduce you to recurrent
neural networks and gated recurrent units.
Two models that are much more
efficient than N-grams for
NLP tasks like machine translation.
You have now seen that traditional N-gram
language models require a lot of space and
a lot of memory.
So if a user is downloading an app,
for example, on their phone,
then they might not have
enough space there.
And as a result,
the developers might not want to use
traditional engram language models here.
And they might want to
use a different approach,
which is known as
recurrent neural networks.
In the next video, I'll introduce you
to RNN or recurrent neural networks.